all right what's up guys this is FX
theater and today I'm going to show you
how you can install Sony Vegas or any
other windows software onto your Mac so
first off you need an application called
boot camp assistant sorry my dock is so
crowded but just look down here where my
mouse is now boot camp assistant allows
you to run any Windows program on your
Mac and boot camp assistant already
comes with your Mac just click on your
Mac Daanish HDR air and you'll find in
your Applications folder so we're just
gonna click on boot camp assistant right
now and it says the new camp assistant I
have to install Microsoft Windows XP or
Windows Vista operating systems on an
Intel based Mac computer and just says
backup your disc for parsing it or
installing Windows if you're installing
windows on a portable computer connect
the power adapter but that doesn't
really matter what matters is this right
here this top part so this basically
like I said I was gonna have is when the
Best Buy or whatever and pick up Windows
XP or Windows Vista and I'm not sure if
Windows 7 works on there mount but I'm
sure if you got a Best Buy you can ask
and they would know or seventh place
that Best Buy your liquid text or you
know it's gonna continue here now which
you can do this you can use 32 gigabyte
to make your Windows like how big you
want to be or whatever you know you can
click on it like you know just make it
bigger and like your disk space for your
windows so you can still have this much
but it takes away from your Mac OSX
gigabytes of memory but still because
the twin doz and a lousy run like I said
Sony Vegas I had a couple questions if
Sony Vegas worked on Mac and this is how
you do it and simply just partion your
disk and install Windows your windows
program Vista Windows 7 or Windows 7
works like I said that was XP Windows
Vista and you can run any Windows
software in there so I hope this helped
you guys please comment and write and we
will see you next time thank you for
watching